update submodules (#717)
luvit/luv: docs.md

- `events` : `integer`
- `events_waiting` : `integer`

## String manipulation functions

These string utilities are needed internally for dealing with Windows, and are exported to allow clients to work uniformly with this data when the libuv API is not complete.

> **Note**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes**:
```

1. New in luv version 1.49.0.
2. A UTF-16 character is 2 bytes, and a UTF-8 character is 1 byte.

> 3. All input and returned utf8 string or utf16 string should be NULL-terminated or these API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. All inputs and return values (UTF-8 or UTF-16 strings) should be NUL terminated.
```
